excellent while you know if it works for
you then you keep doing it right so
fortunate you been able to produce off
in a position that you are able to you
to teach one of those types of topics
just getting a lot of traffic naturally
onto the platform so let's see now let's
kill some insider stuff has given you in
while Frank is doing that i'm gonna go
ahead and open up a seat if anybody
wants to hear people to ask questions
directly so go ahead and tell us now
what kind of stuff
given the fact that you actually
contacted you twice know what I was
inside you know one of its kind of
common sense stuff but it's good to hear
it from the horse's mouth from the
people that are managing to me one thing
that I learned was there also very big
topics elections so what they want to
see your people that are finding new
hills so they want to identify topics
that people want to learn about
uncrowded where you get your life story
of a bottom until the following a higher
needs pretty quickly and they had some
specific guidance per share with you as
well one thing that they really try to
hammer home with me is that people are
trying to get a very specific value of
course you're offering so unless you're
offering them knowledge that will make
them a lot of money and turn right so
that's why you see horses that are a
promise you accreditation certification
courses that promise you a career change
in my case we're going out to people
that are may be currently employed in
the financial sector or data science
will want to move like west coast or
specifically get into tech startup sort
of environment in mind is so I think
very specifically about what your
students want to get out of this course
and speak directly
you know what you're trying to target
and speak directly to that target
marketing
they told me was January very important
month so they want to be very much money
to launch this new course in January
which isn't realistic at this point
given the holidays but I guess I have a
lot of demand in January because people
are kinda like coming back to real life
after the holidays and a lot of people
you know we're looking for a job in
January and you know that's the time for
you to meet where people want to learn a
new skill resolutions all that good
stuff to do so anyway turns out I'm
watching the courts that's certainly an
interesting one to hear eyewitness out
here you know another challenge for
January for me just released last week
so a lot of people's interest to learn
about you have to keep that in mind that
the perfect storm coming together for me
here where I could be building up a lot
of traction so you and said that people
really wanna get some specific type of
outcome of course it's going to help
them improve their life ins your
situation a career change for for
instance and then the other thing that
you were mentioning actually I feel like
you mentioned the January the general
being important I think was like the
third thing that should be giving them
to specific benefit that they get out of
taking your money up your cross and then
what was known that you said they talked
about ok
r you have enough room to take over that
and so go ahead I just got so you want
me to think about while you get her
level courses so given the choice
between the preview of which it makes a
lot of sense an opportunity to sell more
to beginners to experts because you
probably weren't to figure some stuff
out on their own right now and you're
not really going on on the beginners are
just wandering and they need something
that's in a given hold on to get started
is something to be interesting that I'd
like to because I have a lot of my
theories have been wronged by the way
that's where I started here but I had
this idea in my mind the experts also
recognizes the value of their time as if
you're dealing with somebody who's
building a hundred 250 bucks an hour if
they've gotta spend six hours are a week
or whatever to figure something out or
they can just purchase of course that'll
teach it to a few hours like they've
saved a lot of time doing that and I
think that would be worth money to them
so so I'd actually be curious to know
this whole thing about whether whether
you yeah exactly
opportunity whether the advanced courses
I'm not looking to go up against a huge
datasets I guess I'm obviously but I
still like this that there would be some
room for these expert type of things
particularly if you build a student base
reuse them
beginners and you're taking them through
the whole process loyalty you so
what are your thoughts on this
right i mean you know I think he
understands there telling us that
there's gonna be a lot more aspiring I
read something that says no clear is a
lot more people on that her already know
this stuff like you think there's still
an opportunity to work people through
progression in your own course right so
if you have a big following in your
beginner level course they're still
opportunities
immediate level course to those people
course but has yet to have enough people
that are in that race course that number
in so what you think I do you know
anything you know I'm slow go read the
book so what kind of strategy so you're
working on this third right now and I
guess you're saying that as far as your
time is gonna work and you don't even
think it's too likely they launched that
course in January right now you're
probably right up for a while
production so how many hours are you
aiming to make this well it's growing
every day that ok and are you willing to
give us a little bit that teaser about
what the topic is addressing right now
with his third course yes general data
mining techniques so it turns out
there's two different planet universe
East Coast financial section dr. world
where people live and analysis using
tools like tableau on our end
west coast side of people that are
actually programming problems so in my
case finishes the program so the course
at a high level is that a site with
Python and people that have a little bit
of engineering background program right
script I'll teach it in and out of it
happening I might have to take your
question about that so there's dataquest
I think they've got other things on the
internet where he gets into this whole
issue that people talk about in this
again this isn't just related courses
now so those of you are listening to
this you're like oh my god more talk
about these tech courses i hearing about
these everything about each keep in mind
the lot of talk about still enjoy this
question also tighten it when people are
launching some of the challenges are
concerned about running up against
people say well I can just hear their
course are you thinking that you're
getting any type of resistance but there
are some i mean there's some sites out
there that much devoted to teaching
people to decide and they were doing so
some amount of it certainly for free and
have a lot of you
area you know they're actually doing
that have the ones that are offering
courses on the ok I mean yeah you can
piece together a lot of stuff going on
the Internet
a look at what's the value that operates
at a time when we get into a logical
providing examples you can buy into it
actually you know they can actually
learn from